This
could be a historic moment
in League of Legends Esports
These guys came to fight!
Huge clutch play
on the Worlds’ stage here!
Bwipo: What does Worlds mean to me?
Bwipo: Worlds means everything to me.
Lehends: It's like I spent this whole year
Lehends: just to play on this stage.
Elyoya: I feel like it's everything I compete for.
Evi: It's a challenge to learn our own limits.
Bin: I want to know what it feels like to be champions.
He’s still surviving!
And now he’s turning it around!
Penta! Penta! Penta!
Get the pentakill!
The triple kill!
The quadra kill!
Who is gonna get it?
You gotta be kidding me!
What kind of League of Legends
are we watching?
Gumayusi is dead!
Faker looking to make a play against Ruler!